https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.1.png  Uggh  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.2.png  Iris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.3.png  Horus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.4.png  Atticus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.5.png  Arthur
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.6.png  Hani
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.7.png  Gwyneth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.8.png  Cassieopeia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Ancient.9.png Charles
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.1.png  Agnes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.2.png  Johanna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.3.png  Eleanor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.4.png  Sherwood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.5.png  Mick-Grungle
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.6.png  Paul
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.7.png  Winnie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.8.png  Primrose
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.9.png  Virginia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.10.png Sally
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.11.png Maria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Enlightenment.12.png Chanel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/GomezFester.1.png  Fester
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/GomezFester.2.png  Gomez
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/Lurch.1.png  Lurch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.1.png  Margarette
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.2.png  Lottie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.3.png  Marguerite
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.4.png  William
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.5.png  Nancy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.6.png  Ernest
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/ModernAncestors.7.png  Elizabeth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/MorticiaWednesday.1.png  Wednesday
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/MorticiaWednesday.2.png  Morticia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/PugsleyGrandma.1.png  Pugsley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mightythorman/addamsfamily/main/PugsleyGrandma.2.png  Grandma
